Xiaofeng
I won't tell you to forget the past
But you have to remember
Your life is not your own
Although we are discharged
But we can only live for our country
Die for battle
So I will never allow you to abuse yourself
But Captain
My wife is dead.
My son is in a coma
I have been wronged for so many years
I can't take it now
So I let you go out and relax
Forget these pains
Time heals everything
Finally.
Believe me, I can.
Until you forget your sadness
Go back to the army
I have applied to the old leader.
The old leader agrees that you look back and come back
Really, captain, I can still go back to the army
When did my Qinglong captain experiment?
Captain, I'm not going anywhere
I want to go back to the army now
Have you thought about it?
You never need to consider returning to the army. I will arrange for you.
Captain Xie
OK, you go first.
Nurse, this patient was discharged early this morning
discharge